# Jekyll Day One Plugin

This is a Jekyll plugin for the Day One journaling app. It reads
Day One entries from a folder and exposes them to the Liquid
templating system via `page.dayones`.

Day One entries are matched to Jekyll posts using tags from each
system. A Jekyll post's tags define the minimum tags required by
a Day One entry for it to be included in the Jekyll post.

For example, a Jekyll post with the tags

    ["Costa Rica", "Monteverde"]

would include any Day One post that has *at least* "Costa Rica"
and "Monteverde" in its set of tags.

# Installation

- Copy src/dayone.rb into your Jekyll site in a folder named
  _dayone.

- Create a config.yml file in the same folder as dayone.rb,
  e.g. _dayone/dayone.rb, _dayone/config.yml
  Note: this is distinct from the Jekyll config.yml file in
  the root of your Jekyll site.

- Specify the absolute path to your Journal.dayone folder in
  _dayone/config.yml.
   dayonepath: "/path/to/Dropbox/Apps/Day One/Journal.dayone"

- Optional: Add _dayone/config.yml to your .gitignore so that
  you can have a different path in dev vs production.

- Create a dayone.rb file in your Jekyll site's _plugins
  folder.

- Use the following code to create a Dayone Processor and
  process your Day One entries.

    $LOAD_PATH.unshift File.dirname(__FILE__)
    require File.join(File.dirname(__FILE__), '../..', 'src/dayone.rb')

    module Dayone
      class Generator < Jekyll::Generator
        def generate(site)
          processor = Processor.new
          processor.attach_dayones_to_site(site)
        end
      end
    end

- You can now access your Day One entries in your Jekyll posts
  via `page.dayones`.

# Accessing Day One Entries in your Jekyll Posts

Jekyll posts will be provided with a subset of Day One entries
via `page.dayones`. This subset is determined by the tags
specified in each Jekyll post. You can specify tags in a Jekyll
post by including a list of tags in the yml preamble. For
example:

    title: "Costa Rica: Monteverde"
    tags:
    - Costa Rica
    - Monteverde

Any Day One post that includes *at least* those tags will then
be provided via `page.dayones`.

# Sample Jekyll Site

Run `jekyll` in the sample/ folder to generate a sample website
using stock Day One data.

# License

Apache 2.0. Written by Jeff Verkoeyen.

# Live Examples

[Jeff Verkoeyen's Blog](http://blog.jeffverkoeyen.com/)
